this film tells about the life and death
struggle of a woman named anna
she is a woman who is a scientist he
must face a terrible event when he is
assigned to research a strange and rare
disease that causes people to become
depressed and many die in a laboratory
located underground
this horror film is titled super deep in
google cloud text to speech enables
developers to synthesize natural
sounding speech with 100 plus voices
available in multiple languages and
variants
it applies deepmind's groundbreaking
research in wavenet and google's
powerful neural networks to deliver the
highest fidelity possible
as an easy to use api you can create
lifelike interactions with your users
across many applications and devices
it turned out that the vaccine trial was
his own co-worker anna regrets she
should have tried the antivirus herself
then an officer tried to restrain him
from researching the vaccine because the
vaccine was very useful to help in
africa
soon depend on your vaccine the officer
promised something if he succeeded
because it is very useful for the
government the high ranking officer
remained waiting hoping to complete his
research as soon as possible
you can see that you are still in shock
from what happened yesterday
few days passed in a city that was in
the country of russia
at that time anna and her friends were
celebrating new year's eve
it looks like they really enjoyed the
fun that night anna received a call from
the officer earlier the officer said
that there was a strange occurrence at a
geological research facility the
facility is at a depth of twelve
thousand meters from ground level the
well is very deep according to the
workers there they heard a strange sound
and the mission for anna is to take
samples of the disease of people who are
still in the laboratory the place is
actually illegal before the closure from
the government and let the humanitarian
mission let who handle it said the
officer
after anna fed him anna asked some
guards to escort him
anna and a group of soldiers rushed to a
laboratory facility located in a remote
place after a few hours passed they
arrived at their destination
leaving at the base the other soldiers
were already there dunno what's going on
suddenly ana's group saw a strange
incident looks like someone wants to
attack the group that came turns out he
was a laboratory employee walking
towards the helicopter the man was
carrying a grenade under these
circumstances the soldiers were ready to
shoot then suddenly it turns out that
the shot from another soldier can
paralyze the man
and suddenly that person just blew
himself up
luckily they survived the explosion anna
gets a little wound from the broken
glass anna immediately took samples from
the bodies that had been destroyed by
the grenade
while anna was doing her job she was
approached by a major
meanwhile another soldier told the
officer what had happened there the
person who blew himself up was a worker
in the laboratory
and that person came out of the
underground facility depressed and
frustrated
anna was curious and immediately wanted
to check on the other workers
the worker said don't go there better
not to do it there is like hell
then anna and major met with peter he is
the deputy head of laboratory research
cena soldier said that the head of
research laboratory named grigoriev
wanted to meet them
they met in a car headed for the first
elevator door grigoriev didn't like how
many soldiers came anna had time to ask
why they were locked up and not allowed
to go up and why the elevator password
was changed
the head of research only said that you
should focus on evacuating people who
have not been infected with this strange
disease
then they arrived at the main door they
took them to the place after arriving
they had to walk down the hall to the
main elevator
after logging in their elevator
immediately entered the code the first
code failed the second failed only one
more time left
the head of the research team named
karemik gregoria managed to enter the
correct code and they were ready to use
the elevator to go to a depth of six
thousand meters
they were quite tense with the high
speed elevator as the elevator shook
more and more the head of research said
that it was just the effect of air
pressure in fact it opened the air holes
in the elevator to be bigger
make them all faint temporarily
meanwhile grigoriev who was ready to
wear a mask was able to survive the
situation
he immediately took the elevator keys
and went into hiding a few moments later
they finally realized they didn't see
grigoriev and the elevator keys were
missing
it looks like the officer is angry with
the grigori because he has sabotaged
them
because with the elevator key they can't
go back to the surface
he immediately took the elevator keys
and went into hiding a few moments later
they finally realized they didn't see
grigoriev and the elevator keys were
missing
it looks like the officer is angry with
grigoria because he's been sabotaging
them
because with the elevator key they can't
go back to the surface
they started to check the surroundings
the deputy head of research explained
the floor plan of the facilities in the
basement
to get to the second elevator you have
to go down the hall
and where their scientists had to use
another elevator to get to a depth of 12
000 meters
in conducting a search elsewhere they
found two people in a room
and it turns out they are a doctor named
kira and nikolai he's a mechanic they
wait for evacuation to rise to the
surface then anna immediately checked
the mechanical condition who knows she
has been infected with the disease
but anna did not find anything unusual
in the blood sample i didn't find
anything out of the ordinary they
continued to check other rooms
[Music]
anna was unsure because she couldn't
find any signs of being infected with
the virus
unexpectedly from an elevator grigoriev
appeared he told anna and the others to
hurry back upstairs apparently anna
prefers to tell the soldiers where
grigoriev is suddenly even though he was
shot gregor managed to escape
trying to use the locked tunnel to get
to the deepest lap and then at the
tunnel door
they saw writings that seemed like
written by employees which indicated
that there was indeed something
mysterious there
which is never satisfied
[Music]
after the tunnel door was successfully
opened they also prepared themselves by
wearing heat resistant clothing soon
they opened their own closed doors and
from outside there was a frail woman
walking towards them as the other
members continue their journey anna
checks the condition of the woman who is
known to be from the deepest laboratory
they were surprised because he managed
to survive the high temperature place
anna tried to ask what happened to the
woman she was olga's assistant in the
laboratory downstairs he just kept quiet
[Music]
anna checks the condition of this
woman's body which looks like she has a
fever
very terrible wound the woman looks
infected with something after opening
the back it was seen that he had an
oddity on his back
olga didn't feel any pain anna tries to
take a sample from her back instead of
feeling sick olga actually felt cold
after the sample anna tries to find out
what it really is and it turns out that
something that is eating away at olga as
a parasite in the form of a fungus
but the type of mushroom he found was a
type of mushroom that i had never known
feel that the level of this mushroom is
at the strongest level
then olga who was already helpless
experienced a change in her body
seeing these changes anna was confused
about what to do the algae was then
transferred to another room again
experiencing other symptoms
the doctor named kira was afraid of
everything that happened to olga
they were on guard in case the situation
might get worse
after a while it was declared safe
suddenly anna saw olga's condition even
more strange the doctor thinks seeing
olga is scared and finally anna helps
monitor olga's behavior olga looks in
pain and wants to kill herself by
banging her body against the wall
suddenly the head of research appeared
with a loud speaker
because he had already taken the
elevator key with him he hoped that he
would be able to rise to the surface
himself
he stated that you will all die here
because he wants to blow up the main
shaft
when anna searched for the source of the
research head's voice suddenly an
explosion occurred luckily he survived
then the mechanical engineer found anna
and took her to safety the mechanic and
the lieutenant colonel got into a fight
because of what he said to the major
you're afraid of riot's head
after returning to peace the major then
sent the others to the main axis room
then the major ordered to disperse
soldiers go first to the lower shaft
elevator
meanwhile accompanied by the lieutenant
colonel he was ordered to search the
room
maybe if someone else finds it or can
find the head of the research
after the explosion anna then stopped in
a room and slowly the soldier with the
rank of lieutenant colonel opened it
while in the room looks messy full of
muddy
made both of them aware of the
possibilities that could happen it
turned out that the room was filled with
mold until the fungus covered most of
the room and apparently the fungus comes
from a human body that has been
destroyed
anna told the situation then anna said
don't go in and open the door first
anna finally took samples of the fungal
spots on the body
not long after the lieutenant colonel
tried to help anna take a sample
unexpectedly the visible bubble finally
burst and released a large number of
spores on the lieutenant colonel
the soldier fainted while anna was
trying to save herself the big explosion
because all the rooms are filled with
spores and the room becomes dark
but fortunately anna managed to get a
mask it was suspected that she met a
doctor who was already in a pathetic
condition
anna tried to stay in the room while
anna was walking in the dark due to the
spore smoke she fell and fainted for a
while
he dreams of meeting a strange person
then anna woke up and got a fire
extinguisher anna then sprays the door
so the spores don't come out when the
door is open
after exiting the mechanical head who
was already outside he immediately
sprayed fire extinguishing gas to
neutralize his body from the spores
on his face looks pale she is short of
breath because she survives in a room
full of smoke without using oxygen
anna then cleans the body because it
sucks a lot of spores from the explosion
earlier
then anna entered the sample she got
which had managed to retrieve it at the
time of the incident
anna examines the leckel affected by the
fungal infection
then anna told the officer that the
mushroom can survive in hot temperatures
just as olga complained of being cold
eating the fungus will release spores
before it finally dies in cold
temperatures
anna told him to bring in a team of
experts because it would be very
difficult if he had to carry out
inspections in extreme heat which is
located at the bottom of the underground
the officer said that no other team
would go there actually
the facility will be permanently closed
in five hours they must quickly complete
their mission to go to a depth of 12
kilometers
anna said that the sample could not be
carried because it would be destroyed if
it was exposed to cold temperatures but
anna was desperate because the doctor
thought it would and died while the
lieutenant colonel could not be brought
upstairs
major continues to encourage anna if the
world needs like anna
this is not war the ordinary world was
destroyed because of this
major said
our major must persevere onward from
dying in vain while the anna will
continue to travel to the bottom parent
meanwhile lieutenant colonel also plans
to join a team with anna
but the other troop team edgarov told
the lieutenant colonel in a panic
he told me to open the door sounds like
they're asking for help lieutenant
colonel was angry and wanted to help
immediately by opening the door
but others promise and forbid it because
it is very dangerous to open the door
deputy head of research that if we go to
the module the hope is slimmer for us to
survive
after the soldiers change into
anti-scalding clothes they opened the
door from another door after it was
opened several soldiers came forward to
explore and there was a gunshot
the sound was from the gunshots of the
group that went first
the group of anna was told to stop first
and he saw the soldier was injured and
took him inside
the soldier was asked by anna who did
you shoot after a few minutes another
soldier came staggering with his hands
after the door was opened they waited
for another team the team that
originally asked for help together with
the sound of gunfire
he says actually don't open it because
there is a strange creature trying to
chase it
and the creature knows their whereabouts
creatures who are now hunting them in
the midst of a panic situation suddenly
the strange creature is heard chasing
them there are several soldiers trying
to block the creature whose shape is not
yet clear
at that time the lieutenant colonel
suddenly began to feel the effects of
the fungus that had spread in his body
he groaned in pain because of his body
temperature because he was panicking
they backed away and ran away from the
creature anna still brought the
lieutenant colonel
[Music]
anna is afraid that she will have the
same fate as olga and the doctor thought
give me a minute
at that time the lieutenant colonel
suddenly began to feel the effects of
the fungus that had spread in his body
he groaned in pain as his body
temperature rose the other soldiers
continued to repel the creature
mechanical engineers eventually used to
repair elevators with a heavy heart they
left sergey and the other soldiers to
confront the creature
finally the elevator lit up and left the
soldiers at high speed they glided the
magnitude of the high air pressure they
felt as they approached a depth of 12
kilometers
mechanics trying to reactivate the
brakes in the elevator failed anna tries
to help and the elevator finally breaks
and they all survive
arriving at the deepest laboratory they
saw the surrounding situation which was
full of icy snow in that place they
found a tool like a musical instrument
out of curiosity the coconut laboratory
representative played the cassette tape
from the recording came a statement from
the head of research who was the founder
of the facility in the laboratory
he deeply regrets that the project he
made was disturbed by the figure of a
creature that is thousands of years old
all this time the creature was held back
by a layer of ice beneath the ground
the head of the research also said that
the creature was already able to adapt
to the environment and if the creature
came to the surface it would certainly
be a big threat to mankind
the ice age could actually stop this
creature sooner or later this creature
used to break out and threaten the
entire world
because it can control the muscular and
nervous systems and melt everything
together
because warm temperatures are a place
for that creature power
said gregoria the chief mechanic
informed that the cooling system had
failed without cooler our clothes are
useless the outdoor temperature reaches
200 degrees
after hearing the recording they wanted
to find grigore's whereabouts he was
knocked out because he was running with
the keys to the elevator
they were very difficult for those who
were going to the end of the land which
was 300 meters away with a temperature
of 200 degrees
then c mustache delivers if without a
cooling system people can only last
about five minutes
the officer intended to carry out the
search himself he said goodbye to anna
and the others because this was an
officer's job
with the risk of being roasted to death
the officer finally went out
after five minutes past anna looked
worried because the officer had not yet
returned
unexpectedly anna actually did extreme
actions without any protective clothing
she tried to go out to find the
officer's whereabouts from a distance
she could see a path that the laboratory
representative had said
which the road is connected by a bridge
what is certain is that the temperature
where the child is standing is really
hot
by enduring the extreme heat anna
suddenly saw the officer lying in the
middle of the lane
when i tried to approach him it turned
out that the officer had been burned to
death
luckily he got the elevator key
nana rushes back inside anna looking hot
and the chief mechanic helps anna
with his action earlier but suddenly the
deputy chief shot the mechanic's leg
forced them to give the keys to the
elevator
apparently he wanted to be famous for
this great invention he kept insisting
and finally the key was given by the
mechanic
the deputy head hurriedly left the two
of them
but he finally took them and told anna
and the mechanic to go first
with the injured leg anna helped the
mechanic walk when they got there they
headed to the main elevator to return to
the surface they saw that the tunnel
door was now broken again peter the
deputy chief ordered the mechanic to go
check it out finally anna who was told
by the priest to look around the tunnel
that connects to the elevator slowly
anna look at the conditions around the
elevator anna finds a gun when you try
to take it the father knows it anna had
time to ask about the mechanical
condition of the priest father only
answered maybe he was dead
but suddenly the creature appeared from
behind and devoured the painter
then you get a knife not far from where
it is anna turned out to be in a food
cooler room apparently the creature
continues to look for anna very afraid
anna continues to hide
many human bodies became one in that
strange monster's body so that anna
doesn't get hot and gets the virus then
she takes off her clothes so that her
body is cold
he instead saw a bucket filled with cold
water and immediately splashed it all
over his body
a few moments later anna came out of the
room to dare to face him
then suddenly he saw the elevator keys
stuck to the bodies of many humans
clinging to the monster
yes trying to take it very easily
without knowing it because the body is
cold due to the ice water earlier after
the key yes get anna rushed to the
elevator then he found the mechanic
unconscious
anna wakes him up and takes him to the
elevator but suddenly on the way
apparently the creature broke into the
room and continued to chase anna in the
mechanic
they ran as fast as they could to the
elevator luckily they managed to get
into the elevator first
[Music]
when closing the elevator the strange
monster entered a little and was cut off
by the elevator door they were shocked
when they found that the piece in the
elevator was the lieutenant colonel who
had no shape
only the faces of the other bodies were
covered with mushrooms knowing anna was
nearby he spoke telling anna to just
kill him
to get rid of his suffering
anna confused what to do anna feel that
they should not go to the surface they
will only spread a very dangerous fungus
to all humans on earth
but apparently the mechanic did not
agree moreover he did not want to die in
that place
the mechanic is angry in anger he just
wants to destroy the elevator he tried
to change the wrong code it could be
seen from his face that the leckel was
annoyed and angry at the treatment of
anna
then he strangled anna and wanted to
kill anna then anna takes the elevator
key and intends to enter the wrong code
three times so the elevator will descend
quickly
but his efforts were clearly opposed by
the mechanic lieutenant colonel seemed
to want to help he groaned and tried to
wriggle in the end he was able to move
his own bones and he managed to stab the
mechanic in the neck to death
anna who has sucked a lot of spores now
feels tightness and has difficulty
breathing
in a state of panic he survives and
tries to enter the wrong code
he tried one time and failed the second
time failed and when he only had one
left there was pressure and he was
already weak and passed out
and unexpectedly the elevator had even
reached the surface after arriving the
door opened and anna was rescued by the
rescue team
after exiting in a matter of three the
automatic system immediately blew up the
elevator
anna was then taken by car with the
captain and other officers away from the
place
in the middle of the trip anna was able
to grab a grenade and the car stopped
and everyone got out
all the guards were ready to secure the
anna who was carrying the grenade
earlier
and anna immediately killed herself
summary in this film is a woman who is
brave and manages to uncover a secret
state research place
he was willing to end his own life for
the sake of research that threatens the
safety of all humans on earth